Course Master Microservices with Spring Boot, Docker, and Kubernetes.
1. Introduction to Microservices: Establishes the relevance of microservices, highlighting the transition from monolithic
applications to microservices architecture due to benefits like scalability and faster development.

2. Building Microservices with Spring Boot: Focus on best practices for creating REST APIs, including documentation
and data validation.
2.1 Open Api and Swagger

3. Approaches to identify boundaries and right size microservices.

4. Containerization with Docker: Explains the essential role of Docker in containerizing applications for microservice
development.
Use of Dockerfile or Google Jib to build the docker image
Use of docker-compose to run multiple containers, setup the network,

5. Cloud Native Apps and 15-Factor methodology.
See page 52 of course guide.

6. Configuration Management:
Introduces Spring Cloud Config Server for effective management of application configurations.
6.1 Spring Cloud Config Server is a centralized configuration server that provides centralized configuration management for
microservices by connecting to a source that can a db, a remote repository, or the local file system.
6.2 Refresh the configuration using the spring cloud bus that creates an event broadcasting channel to communicates
with AMQP brokers, such as RabbitMQ, and Kafka
6.3 Set up a WebHook in GitHub: Set up a webhook to automatically send a POST request to Config Service

7. Using MySql inside the microservice.

8. Service Discovery and Registration: Discusses the implementation of Eureka Server for service discovery alongside
Spring Cloud Gateway for routing.
See page 79 of course guide.
8.1 Spring Cloud Netflix's Eureka will act as a service discovery agent
8.2 Spring Cloud Load Balancer library for client-side load balancing
8.3 Spring Cloud Gateway will act as the entry point for routing requests to the appropriate microservice &
acts as a central Policy Enforcement Point (PEP):
* Routing (Both Static & Dynamic) Configuration made in the Gateway server like filters, predicates, etc
* Security (Authentication &Authorization)
* Logging, Auditing and Metrics collection

9. Gateway Routing and Cross cutting concerns in Microservices:
See page 107 of course guide.

10. Making microservices resilient:
Resilience and Fault Tolerance: Covers resilient design patterns employing Resilience4j to enhance system robustness.

11. Observability and Monitoring: Teaches how to implement monitoring tools like Grafana and Prometheus for maintaining
system health.

12. Security: Focuses on securing microservices using frameworks like OAuth2, Keycloak, and Spring Security.

13 y 14. Event-Driven Microservices: Explores building asynchronous microservices using messaging systems like RabbitMQ and Kafka.
Usage of Spring Cloud Function and Spring Cloud Stream.
Spring Cloud Stream is a framework for building event-driven microservices using Spring Boot.
Spring Cloud Function is a framework for building serverless functions using Spring Boot.

15. Container Orchestration using Kubernetes.
Deployment with Kubernetes (K8)
Setup local Kubernetes cluster using the docker desktop.
Setup the cluster locally.

16. Helm: Guides on deploying microservices within a Kubernetes cluster and managing deployments using Helm.

17. Server side service discovery and load balancing using Kubernetes.

18. Cloud Deployment: Covers the creation of Kubernetes clusters in cloud environments for efficient deployment.

19. Introduction to Kubernetes Ingress, Service Mesh and mTLS.

20. Include the dependency manager project or BOM to have a central place to define the versions of the dependencies.
20.1 Create a projects Modules or libraries with common code to share between the microservices.


