section 20. Optimazing Microservices
1. include as dependency manager a BOM (bill of materials) project.
BOM is a dependency management mechanism that provides a central place to define the versions of dependencies (and their transitivedependencies). 
Advantages:
manage versions centrally in one place, 

2. Create a BOM project for the microservices:
2.1 Create a new model project, select Sprin    gBoot, and Gradle-Kotlin, Java 21, Jar type.
2.2 Don't add any dependencies yet.
2.3 Delete the source code folder /src

3. The build.gradle file will act as the parent configuration file for all the microservices.
The microservices will get the dependencies version from the BOM project.

For Maven projects:
4. for maven projects Add the tag <packaging>bom</packaging>
Without it the microservices will not be able to use the BOM project.

5. Under the tag <properties> add the versions of the dependencies.

6. It's recommended to specify the version of 3rd party libraries to have the control of which version
is going to be used.

For Gradle
7. Follow the todos of the eazy-bom/build.gradle.kts

8. Update the build.gradle.kts file of the microservices to import the dependencies using the BOM project
8.1 Check Todos of accounts/build.gradle.kts file

Test running the microservices:
Run 1st: Config server -> don't forget to add the env variable to import the config file from the config server which uses Git on GitHub.
eureka-server
gateway-server
accounts-service
remaining ms

Test building the config-server image with jib and run the container

For common code create a multi-module project.
9. Inside eazy-bom create a new module called common.
like the new common module you can add new modules for securty, loging etc. and use them in the microservices.

10. Declare the common module as a dependency in the BOM project. see todo 6 and 7 on eazy-bom/build.gradle.kts and eazy-bom/settings.gradle.kts
11. Import the eazy-bom project in the common module and also includeBuild on the settings.gradle.kts file.

12. Create /dto package in the common module and add the DTO classes like ErrorResponseDto.java
13 Delete ErrorResponseDto from the microservices and import the common module to use the dto classes. // see TODO 8 import the common module in the accounts

14. Test building the config-server image with jib and run the container.
$ cd config-server
$ ./gradlew jibDockerBuild

15. Test building the accounts-service image with jib and run the container.
$ cd accounts
$ ./gradlew jibDockerBuild

16. Use the docker-compose.yml file to run the config-server and accounts as it create a network bridge to connect the containers.
The accounts service will be able to grab the configurations properties from the config-server.
$ docker compose -f docker-compose-two.yml up # to run the containers -d to run in background
$ docker compose -f docker-compose-two.yml ps # to list and check the status of the containers
$ docker compose -f docker-compose-two.yml down # to stop the containers
